Kneel down for me
It's okay if you don't respect it.
And humiliated these sacred objects like camels
Is it to bring me back to retribution?
I'm shocked.
What the hell did he feed you?
I should say you are silly and cute
Still stupid
Hahahaha
How come?
The company has to come up with such a big law
Scourge is coming
furious
Don't be afraid
Go against the credibility you were asked to hold
Now the end has come
Once all the slaps are extinguished
Punishment general
Complete destruction for your family
You keep saying that you are seeking death by beheading this unicorn
But my Lu family has beheaded the unicorn until now
Pounding safe and sound
That doesn't mean that everything you say is put
Fart? It is
capable
I gave all the 10,000 mu of my Bai family's surrounding fields
Seven more.
If you can really attract the heavens
Then you will take my Wang family
Thousands of sea troops destroyed
Do the same for my Wang family patrol battleship
What do I wear?
This is the last thing on the line.
You have no chance
It's still that nonsense.
Miss Bai
Something really happened to your Bai family's medicine field. What did you say?